# DEET-TAFE-employee-exit-surveys
#### The purpose of this study is to answer one key question from two lens. Are the employees who have worked in the TAFE and DETE departments for a longer or shorter timeframe resigning due to some kind of dissatisfaction? Are the younger ones resigning due to some dissatisfaction? What about the older ones? This study is based on the [dataset](https://data.gov.au/dataset/ds-qld-fe96ff30-d157-4a81-851d-215f2a0fe26d/details?q=exit%20survey) from the Department of Education, Training and Employment (DETE) and [another](https://data.gov.au/dataset/ds-qld-89970a3b-182b-41ea-aea2-6f9f17b5907e/details?q=exit%20survey) from the Technical and Further Education (TAFE), in which both are exit survey data. The key questions, in their bare essentials, are reduced to one. The employers wants to know if the employees who resign are leaving dissatisfied, first and foremost, and, if so, how does that dissatisfaction rate fluctuate by age or career stage.This is the first purpose of this study, while the second is for course training in data cleaning.   


### Summary of Results
#### As the results demonstrate, slightly more than 60% of the employees who resign are dissatisfied upon exiting, both from the lens of tenure (62%) and age (64%). From the career stage metrics, dissatisfaction was rather high for the established (7 to 10 years) and veteran (more than 11 years) groups, which indicates a potential issues with the options for growth that employees have. As for the age related metrics, 45% of dissatisfied, young employees who quit already had another job for them, a sign of their high mobility and possible lack of growth within their department. In addition, it is also alarming to see a dissatisfaction rate of 65% of employees in their 50s and older who quit their jobs, which leads to questions about company culture. Lastly, it is reccomended for the TAFE and DETE departments to examine access for employee opportunities and the execution of the company culture, so that they may have higher satisfaction rates.
